# osmo - Arijit Aich V1.4 (Updated November 2020)
A collection of PHP functions that will help you to complete your project ASAP.

These functions are written in collab with multiple sources and prove to be very helpful during development.

Here are the list of functions and their usages:

1. Compressor():
This function takes HTML content as input and compresses the content for smooth utility in JS AJAX Scripts.

2. Genkey():
This function does not take any input but generates a random single use token of 16 bytes on the server end.

3. Gmapdistance():
This function takes input, the origin & desitination co-ordinates along with the Google Maps Authentication Key to generate the driving distance between those two points in miles.

4. toAlpha():
This function takes a numerical variable & encrypts a the data to character data. This can be of great help when masking tokens.

5. toNum():
This function takes in a character data and converts it into a numerical value. This can also be used for masking as well as decrypting the above ToAlpha function.

6. Validate_mail():
This function validates any email ID. It checks the email's DNS records and pings those to get a response back, thereby testing the email's availability.

7. Fetch_image():
This function takes an URL as input & fetches the OG Image Tag URL.

8. Goimg():
This function takes a keyword and searches for relevant images from Google.

9. Enc():
This function takes in a numerical value and generates an encrypted key. Used for masking numerical data.

10. Dec():
This function takes in the numerical data generated by Enc() to decrypt it back to the numerical data it represented before.

11. Custom_query():
This function takes in a SELECT query and process the query to fetch the entire row of that particular record. Supports only 1 record row per call.

12. Custom_insert_query():
This function takes in a INSERT, UPDATE or DELETE query to process. Batch processing available.

13. Connect_db():
This function is used by other functions above to fetch the DB credentials.

14. Dua():
This function takes in a SELECT query and process the query to fetch multiple records as requested. Supports Batch Records Per Call.
